An argument represents the value that you pass to a procedure parameter when you call the procedure. The calling code supplies the arguments when it calls the procedure. When you call a Function or Sub procedure, you include an argument list in parentheses immediately following the procedure nameThere are two types of arguments: keyword and positional. Keyword arguments are assigned names in the macro definition; in the macro call, they are identified by name. Positional arguments are defined after the keyword !Different Ways of Using a User Defined Function in Excel
Go to the Data tab.
Click the 'Insert Function' option.
In the Insert Function dialog box, select User Defined as the category. ... 
Select the function from the list of all the Public User Defined functions.
Click the Ok button.The number and types of arguments must match those expected. Either there is an incorrect number of arguments, or an omitted argument is not optional. An argument can only be omitted from a call to a user-defined procedure if it was declared Optional in the procedure definition.Using ByVal makes copies of the data, and the copy will only be accessible from within the called sub, while the original data can only be accessed and modified from within the calling sub. Conversely, ByRef allows you to access and modify the original data from both the calling and the called sub.ParamArray allows you to pass an arbitrary number of arguments to the procedure. A ParamArray parameter is always declared using ByVal. You can supply one or more arguments to a ParamArray parameter by passing an array of the appropriate data type, a comma-separated list of values, or nothing at all.5) Which of the following comment is correct when a macro definition includes arguments? The opening parenthesis should immediately follow the macro name.VBA Method. The object reference tells Excel where to look for the data. A method tells Excel what to do with the data.VBA functions are built-in functions that are used in Excel's programming environment called Visual Basic for Applications (VBA).The advantage of passing an argument ByRef is that the procedure can return a value to the calling code through that argument. The advantage of passing an argument ByVal is that it protects a variable from being changed by the procedure.By value. When you pass an argument by value, you pass a copy of the value in memory. The function operates on the copy. This means that when a function changes the value of an argument passed by value, the effect is local to that function; the copy changes but the original value in memory is not affected.In VBScript, there are two ways values can be passed: ByVal and ByRef . Using ByVal , we can pass arguments as values whereas with the use of ByRef , we can pass arguments are references.The values that are declared within a function when the function is called are known as an argument. Whereas, the variables that are defined when the function is declared are known as a parameter.Here are some steps:
Launch NotePad.
Add the following line of text. Replace test.xlsm with the name and path for your file: start Excel.exe "C\test.xlsm"
Save the file as "Test. bat".
Run the batch file.
The batch file should launch Excel and then open your file. The code in your workbook should run.VBA Procedure Calls Optional Arguments

 The Optional keyword indicates that this argument can be omitted. As mentioned before - any optional arguments introduced in the header must appear at the end, after any required arguments. In this function, if the argument for c isn't supplied it's value will default to "C" .Hence, we conclude that Python Function Arguments and its three types of arguments to functions. These are- default, keyword, and arbitrary arguments. Where default arguments help deal with the absence of values, keyword arguments let us use any order.VBA allows you to pass variables into subroutines and functions in two ways. You can specify either ByVal or ByRef for each of the variables that are passed in. The ByVal and ByRef distinction for subroutine and function parameters is very important to make. In VBA all objects are passed by reference.In C, when we define a macro then it is replaced by the value of that macro. And it will be set for the entire program. With #define directive, you can define a macroFor portability, you should not have more than 31 parameters for a macro. The parameter list may end with an ellipsis (...).The ref keyword indicates that a value is passed by reference. It is used in four different contexts: In a method signature and in a method call, to pass an argument to a method by reference.ByVal is a statement in VBA. ByVal stands for By Value i.e. when the subprocedure called in from the procedure the value of the variables is reset to the new value from the new procedure called in.When you pass an object ByRef, the reference is passed by reference and the called procedure can change the object to which that reference refers to. When an object is passed ByVal an copy of the reference (address) of the object is passed.The first way to create an array is the simplest, we just use the Array() function in VBA:
Sub CreateArrayTest() ... 
MsgBox myarray(0) & " " & mysecondarray(2) ... 
Sub CreateArrayTest2() ... 
Dim myarray(2) As Variant. ... 
myarray(0) = "red" ... 
myarray(1) = "green" ... 
Sub CreateArrayTest3() ... 
Dim myarray(1 To 3) As VariantVB.NET ParamArray (Use varargs Functions)Use the ParamArray keyword to accept a variable number of arguments to a method. ParamArray. This keyword allows a method to be called with an array of values that are specified directly (not in an explicit array). The values are placed into an array by the compiler.The VBA routine uses an application object to create a new PowerPoint presentation in the PowerPoint application. A new slide is created used the “Add” method, and then each chart is added to its own slide using the CopyPaste methodsWe can insert a number of modules. We can declare two kinds of “Public Variables” in VBA, one is to use the variables for all the subprocedures in the same module, and the second one is to use the variables for all the subprocedures across all modules.To pass one or more arguments to a procedure

 In the calling statement, follow the procedure name with parentheses. Inside the parentheses, put an argument list. Include an argument for each required parameter the procedure defines, and separate the arguments with commas.Disadvantages: Repeated evaluation of arguments can be inefficient. Pass-by-name can have unsafe semantic effects. Pass-by-name is difficult to implement.The call by reference method of passing arguments to a function copies the reference of an argument into the formal parameter. Inside the function, the reference is used to access the actual argument used in the call. This means that changes made to the parameter affect the passed argument.You can pass an argument by value if you include the ByVal keyword in the procedure's declaration. Arguments passed by value consume from 2–16 bytes within the procedure, depending on the argument's data type. Larger data types take slightly longer to pass by value than smaller ones.
